1- Create 20 Variables with different names and print them on console.\par
2- Perform Arithmetic operations (+,-,*,/,%,++,--,**) on two variables called num1 and num2 print results on console.\par
3- Perform Assignment operations (=,+=,-=,/=,*=,%=,**=) on two variables called ass1 and ass2 print results on console.\par
4- Perform Comparison operations (==, ===, !=, !==, >, <, >=, <=) on two variables called com1 and com2 and print results on console.\par
5- Perform Logical operations (&&, ||, !) on two variables called log1 and log2 and print results on console.\par
6- Make 10 functions (5 Regular and 5 Arrow) that gives output on console after getting called.\par
7- Build a tool that checks if a number is even or odd.\par
8- Get a detail of a user which includes name, email, phone, address and age from prompt and display that detail using alert.\par
9- write a JS program, that can convert temp from F into C and show into console, using C = (F \f1\u8722?\f0  32) * 5/9. Data should taken by using prompt.\par
10- Make a function that have global scope.\par
11- Make a function that have local scope.\par
12- Make a function that have block scope.\par
13- Write a javascript function that takes two numbers and an operator using prompt and then perform that given operation on those two numbers and show the result on console.\par
14- Make 05 objects that should have detail of any course.\par
15- Make a multi-level object that should have details of 10 persons stored in nested objects.\par
16- Make an object that would have 2 properties user_name and password with values admin and admin123$5 respectively, then make 2 prompts that take the values of user-name and password then print "Login Successful" on console if the values inputted in the prompt matches with the object properties. Otherwise print "login Failed".\par
17- Make an empty array and then add 5 array elements into it using the index value then print that completed array on console.\par
18- Make a multi-dimensional array that would have 5 arrays as nested arrays. Each array should containe 5 numbers, then print each index value on console without using loop.\par
19- Concat 5 strings using concatenation operator and print on console.\par
20- Write a js program to find length of a string.\par
21- Write a js program to convert lowercase string to uppercase.\par
22- Write a js program to count total number of words in a string.\par
23- Write a js program to find reverse of a string.\par
24- Write a js program to find sum of all array elements. \par
25- Write a js program to delete an element from an array at specified position.\par
26- Write a js program to merge two array to third array.\par
27- Write a js program to sort array elements in ascending or descending order.\par
28- Write a program that uses a for loop to print the numbers from 1 to 10 in ascending order.\par
30- Write a program that uses a for loop to find the sum of all even numbers from 1 to 100.\par
31- Write a program that uses a while loop to print the numbers from 1 to 10 in descending order.\par
32- Write a program that asks the user to enter a number and then prints out all the numbers from that number down to 1 using while loop.\par
33- Write a program that asks the user to enter a number below 500 and then prints out all the numbers from that number up to 500 using do-while loop.\par
34- Write a program that finds the factorial of a number using do-while loop, while loop and for loop.\par
35- Write a js program to check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant using switch case.\par
36- Write a js program to check whether a number is positive, negative or zero using switch case and if-else.\par
37- Write a program to find the max and min number of the provided numbers using Math Object.\par
38- Write a js program to round a number up to the nearest integer.\par
39- Write a js program to round a number down to the nearest integer.\par
40- Write a js program to calculate the square root of a number.\par
41- Write a js program to calculate the square of a number given using prompt.\par
42- Make and style the form in html document using DOM.\par
43- Make and style the given template using DOM.\par
44- Make a program that tells whether your browser is online or offline and prints the answer on document not on console.\par
45- Make a battery design in HTML document using the HTML and CSS, Then print the laptop's battery percentage in it. If battery percentage is above than 70% then battery should have green background, if below 70% and above 20% then Yellow background and if below 20% then red background.\par
46- Make a program that prints the width and height of the browser's window.\par
47- Make 5 strings using template strings. 1 should be simple and one-line string, 2 should be multi-line strings, and last 2 should have interpolation.\par
48- Make a program that would have one function called parent as HOF (Higher Order Function) and other function called child as callback function.\par
49- Make an helper function that calculates average of the numbers.\par
50- Make a js program that have 3 objects that uses the this keyword.\par
51- Make a js program that 3 buttons in DOM and whenever they get clicked they print themselves on console. (Use the addEventListener method).\lang9\par
}
#
